I want one of your legs.
I kill you, you rely on me
Enough, how are you thinking about it?
Big sister doesn't have that much patience to play with you
Bah you stinky woman
If you have one, you will kill me.
See if my Zhao family will tear you to pieces
It's too cheap to kill you
I have a thousand ways to make your life worse than death
You are the saint of the Zhao family
Should have heard of executing it for you?
It's okay if you don't know.
This criminal law was originally designed to deal with criminals
Just holding a knife
Cut the prisoner's flesh knife by knife
A total of 3,600 dollars
To prevent half of the prisoners from dying
So the doctor will be prepared in advance
But don't worry.
I will prepare the best doctor for you
It's absolutely no problem for you to carry a 3,000
Now do you choose to taste the punishment of deboning?
still
Break one of your legs, die and tie it up
Go back and settle the score with these two women
Let them make life worse than death
Good book young promise
Give you a leg